Adds contributor quote (#6508)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/about/testimonials-quotes.mdx

  <div className='col testimonial-quote'>
    <p>I’ve been watching the project for quite some time, it’s very high quality, backed by a very rich group of contributors that actively expand the product. It has a set of unique capabilities that complement other existing tools, great samples, great documentation. I’ve always seen the CLI for Microsoft 365 project as an exemplar to how to create and maintain an awesome community with a great tool!</p>
  </div>
</div>

## NANDDEEP NACHAN

<div className='row testimonial'>
  <div className='col testimonial-image'>

>     <img src={require('!!url-loader!../images/testimonials-companies-logo/nanddeep-nachan.png').default} alt='Nanddeep Nachan' />

Reviewer: Let's use the documented way of referencing pictures in Docusaurus. This will be important when we introduce versioning in our docs. Let's update the other pictures as well.

```suggestion
    <img src={require('@site/docs/images/testimonials-companies-logo/nanddeep-nachan.png').default} alt='Nanddeep Nachan' />
```

Author: last time I checked this totally did not work 😜. But I will recheck again

Author: but did you also try it for the .svg file?

Reviewer: No, I haven't. I would expect it to work the same way.

Author: yes that is also what I expected but I already did that attempt and wrote it here 
https://github.com/pnp/cli-microsoft365/pull/6450#discussion_r1825291709
and at that time it worked for .png files but not for .svg file

Reviewer: I'll try to look into it.

Reviewer: @Adam-it, where is the SVG file actually? I don't see one on the testimonials page.

Author: aa sorry, There was one from Voitanos but I see this was updated by AC 🙂. Problem solved then

    <p>Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nanddeepnachan/</p>
  </div>
  <div className='col testimonial-quote'>

>     <p>The CLI for Microsoft 365 is an incredible tool that empowers customers to automate and streamline their tasks across Microsoft 365 services with ease and flexibility. Its cross-platform capabilities make it a versatile choice for managing SharePoint, Teams, and more, reducing manual efforts and enhancing productivity. <br /> As an active contributor to this project, I am proud to be part of a community driving innovation and simplifying Microsoft 365 management for users worldwide.</p>

Reviewer: Slight enhancements

```suggestion
    <p>The CLI for Microsoft 365 is an incredible tool that empowers users to automate and streamline their tasks across Microsoft 365 services with ease and flexibility. Its cross-platform capabilities make it a versatile choice for managing SharePoint, Teams, and more, reducing manual effort and boosting productivity. <br /> As an active contributor to this project, I am proud to be part of a community that drives innovation and simplifies Microsoft 365 management for users worldwide.</p>
```
